Added docs for Azure beta (#5798)
medplum/medplum: packages/docs/docs/self-hosting/install-on-azure.md

---
sidebar_position: 7
---

# Install on Azure

> This document is intended to guide Medplum through the deployment of an infrastructure on Azure using Terraform. It provides detailed instructions and configurations necessary to set up essential components such as a Virtual Network (Vnet), Azure Kubernetes Services (AKS) cluster, PostgreSQL database, Storage accounts, CDN, and Redis instances. The purpose is to ensure a smooth and efficient deployment process tailored to Medplum’s specific requirements, facilitating scalability, security, and high availability within their cloud environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is intended to guide users through the deployment of Medplum on Azure using Terraform. It provides detailed instructions and configurations necessary to set up essential components such as a Virtual Network (Vnet), Azure Kubernetes Services (AKS) cluster, PostgreSQL database, Storage accounts, CDN, and Redis instances. The purpose is to ensure a smooth and efficient deployment process tailored to Medplum’s specific requirements, facilitating scalability, security, and high availability within their cloud environment.
```
